Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Bailey?
Do you know her?
Do you?
No.
We never talk about her.
It's hard to talk about.
When I lost your mother...
everything...
My whole life changed.
But I think about her all the time.
She's who I see whenever I look at you.
Look.
"Debate Team President Katherine Smith
and teammates
celebrate state championship
at her family's bar.
The Never Dry."
You think that bar still exists?
The photo's 20 years old.
It's still here.
It's right off 6th Street.
Let's go.
Come on. We need to go there now.
Bailey.
I know you're upset. I know you are.
I'm upset too
but we need to talk this through.
There's nothing to talk through.
We're 55 names from getting an answer
to who your father used to be.
If we just stay here
and go through the roster...
No. I'm sick of sitting here.
Bailey...
We can google the names at the hotel.
Yeah. Most of them are on Google
but the yearbooks are here.
Let me put it this way.
I'm going to The Never Dry.
I need to know who she is.
Please. I'm asking you to come with me.
Okay. Let's go.
Find out if she rented a car.
checked into a hotel.
where she used a credit card
and I want a trace on her phone.
I'll put in for a warrant.
Exigent circumstance.
They teach you anything in law school?
Taught me I can't get a trace
without a warrant.
Want me to send the file on Owen
to the courthouse?
Yeah. I think we want that
in as many hands as possible.
- Right.
- Tell the judge Hannah Hall and her ward
are in imminent danger.
We gotta get to them
by the end of the day.
Tell her we gotta find them
before anyone else does.
- What happened to knocking?
- Bailey Michaels is in Austin.
Since when?
She and Hannah Hall took a flight
from San Francisco yesterday.
Shit.
If anything happens to them...
If this story surfaces again...
I got it.
Where do you wanna start?
- I wanna trace her phone. and I think...
- With a warrant.
And I think someone should make it clear
to the FBI team investigating The Shop
that putting any photos of Owen
in the papers or on the news
would be a colossally stupid idea.
I've got a contact pretty high up
in the criminal division at the DOJ.
- See if she can run some interference.
- Thank you.
Hey.
- Do they know?
- Excuse me?
- Hey. Maris.
- Hold on just one second.
Why are they here? Do they know?
No. I don't think...
They can't.
Then what the fuck
are they doing in Austin?
There are hundreds
of Katherine Smiths on Instagram.
- Literally hundreds...
- Yeah.
...but none of them look like her.
Anything on the bar?
Some Yelp reviews.
blog posts on Eater. an old profile.
I mean. it hasn't been updated in a while.
Does anyone even use that anymore?
Watch it.
Seriously. I was asking.
Well. I'm telling you some of us do.
Including Charlie Smith.
- He's not Dad.
- No. he's not.
Lists Austin at his hometown.
He studied architecture
at the University of Texas at Austin.
Is there anything on his wife.
Andrea something?
Reyes. Andrea Reyes.
But it says he's single.
R-E-Y-E-S. right?
I think so.
Bailey. do you know her?
Maybe. I...
I'm not sure.
Thanks.
Does it look familiar?
I don't know. Maybe a little.
Maybe I'll remember more inside.
- Wait.
- What?
- I don't want you in there.
- Why not?
We don't know whose bar this is.
We don't know who these people are.
We don't know whether they're dangerous.
All we know is that it's looking like
you have roots here.
Roots your father
didn't want you to know about.
Something or someone
he was trying to protect you from.
Go get some coffee.
Just work on Cook's roster
and stay where the barista can see you.
You saw the picture.
She looks just like me.
Why won't you just say it?
Say who you think is inside.
Probably for the same reason
you're not ready to say it either.
Hello?
You're a little vague
when you talk to her about Olivia.
A little vague when I bring her up too.
Hey there.
We're not open just yet.
We usually don't start serving till 5:00.
Sorry about that.
The door was unlocked and I just...
I didn't mean to let myself in.
I guess it's five o'clock somewhere.
Why don't you take a look
at the cocktail menu?
I got a couple more things
to take care of.
I'm Charlie. by the way.
Maxine. Max.
Pleased to meet you. Max.
You okay over there?
Sorry. Nervous tic.
What you nervous about?
New city. you know?
And I have an interview tomorrow
at the university.
I'm staying around the corner.
How is the walk to campus from here?
Doable?
I mean. it's a good 45 minutes.
And in this heat.
it's probably not the best look
for your interview.
Right. Good point.
What's the job?
It's a teaching position
at the school of architecture.
Really?
I took some classes over there
once upon a time.
Yeah. I started my master's.
Well. a couple curveballs. and here I am.
Yeah. I know a little about curveballs.
So. you're an architect?
I'm in the running for a visiting position
but they asked me to have dinner
with some of the faculty tonight.
so I'm hopeful and a little nervous.
Well. you've come to the right place.
First drink's on the house.
Hook 'em horns. baby!
- Hey.
- This photo you sent is insane.
Yeah. It's a lot.
You found it in the library?
In an old yearbook.
You okay?
Yeah. I don't know.
What do you think?
I mean. clearly there's a resemblance.
Okay. And?
And maybe she's. like.
your aunt or a cousin
or something. I just...
I don't think your dad would lie to you
about who your mom was.
I really don't. Bailey.
Yeah. Well. three days ago. I didn't think
he'd lie to me about anything but...
Come on. Bails.
He'd never keep your mom from you.
So why can't I breathe when I look at her?
The house specialty.
My grandfather used to make the bitters
himself. now I do it.
Most of the time anyway.
Wow.
So. this is your family's bar?
Yeah.
My grandfather was the original owner.
He wanted a place to hang out
and play cards with his buddies.
Wow. That's cool.
What about your father?
What about him?
I was just wondering
if he works here too or...
My father's a lawyer.
Yeah. this was never his thing.
To be honest. it was never mine either.
but at a certain point I needed the gig.
Curveballs.
Yeah. Two of 'em.
Twins.
Anyway. that was the end of my master's.
Maybe that's why you look familiar.
I think I might have been here.
at this bar.
Really?
I thought you said you were new to Austin.
I am. That's the thing.
I've only been here one other time.
A few years ago I came to town with a
girlfriend for the hot sauce competition.
She was taking pictures for the paper
that she worked for.
We hit a bunch of bars.
But I think we might have been here.
It just feels really familiar.
Yeah. it's possible.
The festival's held.
down at Fiesta Gardens.
That's not too far from here.
We keep some of the winners in stock.
Yeah. This one makes a mean Bloody Mary.
I'll bet.
If I'm remembering right. the bartender
working that night was a total sweetheart.
She gave us all sorts of tips
for places to eat.
She had long blond hair.
She looked a lot like you actually.
That's some memory you have.
Well. I might be getting some help.
Maybe it was her.
Not possible.
Are you guys related?
You ask a lot of questions.
I know. Sorry.
It is a bad habit.
Asking too many questions?
Thinking people wanna answer.
No. it's fine.
She was my sister and it's just...
she's no longer with us.
Car accident a while back.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Me too.
Yes. We have an update on
the fraud investigation at The Shop.
According to my sources. several more
of The Shop's officers and senior staff
are expected to be indicted
this afternoon.
Shit. Okay. everybody.
Where are we on Hannah Hall's cell phone?
The warrant application's in.
- Did you follow up with the judge?
- She's been on the bench all day.
Hey.
- You see this?
- Yeah.
You get anywhere with your friend
at the DOJ?
Said her hands are tied.
- Where are we with the phone warrant?
- Nowhere.
Let me call the data brokers.
Let me track Hannah's phone.
Maris. you don't have to know about it.
This is me going rogue.
Officially. it's a no.
Thanks. unofficially.
- New plan?
- Yeah. Call the data brokers.
- CSLI for the last 24 hours.
- On it.
This just came for you.
Thank you.
The fuck?
Hey. Excuse me. Do you have a...
Thanks.
Sorry. One sec.
Hey. My phone's literally about to die.
I think I found an address.
- Whose address?
- Andrea Reyes.
Seriously?
Are you sure it's the same Andrea?
No. but I found the same address
for Charles Smith
on a campaign contribution
disclosure form. so...
Okay. Well. can you send it to me?
Just did.
It's actually pretty close.
Bailey. you can't go by yourself.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
but you should probably wait for Hannah.
Yeah. maybe.
Is she still in the bar?
She is.
Thanks for the drink.
Are you sure I can't...
On the house means on the house.
Your boys sure are adorable.
Yeah. they're a bit older than
they were there. so a bit less adorable.
You got kids?
Not yet. I'm still looking for the guy.
Anyway. I should get going.
But maybe I'll head back
if I get done early enough.
Definitely.
Yeah. come back. We'll celebrate.
From your lips.
I do have one more bizarre question
before I go.
Of course you do.
I figure you know a lot of locals.
Far too many. Why?
I'm trying to find a guy.
My girlfriend and I
met him when we were here.
He lived in Austin. probably still does.
I mean. he might've been a regular.
And my girlfriend had a huge crush on him.
Okay?
Anyway. she's going through a crappy
divorce and I know this is ridiculous.
but since I'm in town. I thought maybe
I'd try to find him for her.
They had a connection.
How long ago was this?
A while ago.
Connections are hard to find.
Fair enough.
You got a name?
Not that I'm great with names but...
How about with faces?
I think I took a photo that day.
Yeah. I'm pretty good with faces.
Where did you get this?
You think this is funny?
This is my family you're fucking with.
Who are you? Who sent you?
No one.
Tell me who sent you!
Hey! Get off of her!
Holy shit.
Kristin?
No. I'm not.
Go. now!
- What happened? Who was that?
- Just keep going.
- Hey!
- Excuse me.
Watch it!
Just go!
Bailey. faster.
I'm going as fast as I can.
It's a shit show.
Is he even following us anymore?
Bailey.
Come on. We gotta go.
Kristie.
Don't be scared.
You're not afraid of bats. are you?
Don't worry.
They're just... passing through.
Kristie.
Bailey?
You okay?
I remember her.
She was here with Dad
and Andrea and Charlie.
He called me Kristie.
My dad called me Kristie.
I mean...
she's my mother. Isn't she?
I think. maybe.
Do you think that...
I mean. if...
If my dad lied about who she was.
then do you think that
maybe she might still be...
She died in a car accident.
Charlie told me. That part's true.
Your dad didn't lie about that.
I am so sorry.
Why? Why would he...
I don't know. I really don't.
Bailey. listen to me.
I'm upset too but we need to go.
We need to go someplace safe.
Can we do that?
And then we will talk this all through.
I promise. I promise you that.
- Can we go?
- Yeah. okay.
Come on.
You know that doesn't actually
make it come any faster.
- Maybe we should take the stairs.
- We're on the sixth floor.
Oh. come on.
We're taking the stairs.
But until then. we've got to
go back. because if anything...
Guys. hold on a sec.
- What?
- Owen sent me his phone.
Notes app. emails.
All of it annotated.
Yeah. we're gonna have to push.
Look. I just started digging in
but it's exculpatory.
He wasn't part of the primary coding team
but he was trying to fix the problem.
He was pushing Avett not to go public.
to declare there was an issue.
Jackie. get me the US Attorney's office
in San Francisco.
Who's running point on the investigation?
Jamie Caldera is the AUSA on the case.
And I've been talking to Naomi Wu
at the FBI.
Get her on the phone for me.
We got Hannah Hall's CSLI records.
looks like she just walked into
The Town Hotel.
Go.
I'll text you Naomi Wu's contact info.
Grab Poser. meet us in the garage.
Larry. grab your gear. You're with me.
I gotta go.
Let's pack up.
Hey. Bailey!
Where are we going?
Home.
I can't just leave.
Bailey.
But you said we'd talk it through.
I said we'd talk it through
once we got somewhere safe.
You've got to be kidding me.
I mean. he lied to me.
He lied to me about everything.
About who I am.
who my family is. all of it.
And then he fucking disappeared
and I wanna know the truth! Don't you?
Yes. I'm telling you. we'll find it.
Just not here.
This is where the answers are.
Maybe. we should...
We should go back to The Never Dry
and talk to Charlie.
Forget it. No!
I may not know why your father
did what he did. but I know who he is.
And anyone who would
have that kind of reaction to him
is not someone we can trust.
Pl...
We're so close.
I promise we will figure it out.
but not here.
Not where you might be in danger.
How does it feel?
Pretty great.
If you don't like the ring. just...
I love the ring.
I love you.
But?
How did Bailey take it?
She was so hap... No.
About how you'd expect.
That bad?
She'll be fine.
You don't know that. I mean...
growing up without a mom.
It's hard to let in someone new.
Especially when...
you're a little vague
when you talk to her about Olivia.
You really wanna get into all this
tonight?
And a little vague
when I bring her up too.
There are some things I'm just...
afraid to tell her about her mom.
Like what?
Like...
Like. you could never tell either of them
what to do.
This is gonna go well.
Probably not.
Comforting.
We can wait till she graduates
high school. if that's what you want.
What do you want?
You.
And if I were even slightly worried
about it the rest of it.
I wouldn't be okay standing here.
And for the record...
I'm pretty fucking okay
to be standing here.
Hey. Jules.
- Owen's real name is Ethan Young.
- What?
You were right. We found a safe
in your grandfather's vase.
The key opened the safe and inside was
a handwritten will for an Owen Michaels.
née Ethan Young.
Slow down. You have his will?
You need to get out of Austin. Hannah.
You need to get out of there now.
Why? What is going on?
Have you heard of a Nicholas Bell?
The name sounds familiar. but...
He's Kate Smith's father.
Owen's father-in-law.
He's a mob lawyer. Hannah.
for the Campano family.
They're the largest crime syndicate
in North America.
We're talking racketeering.
extortion. murder.
Not to mention
a serious foothold in Oxy trafficking.
What does it have to do with Owen?
Owen turned state's evidence
against the Campanos
after Kate was killed.
He took down Nicholas Bell
and other key members of the organization.
Oh. my God.
Yeah.
You need to get the fuck out of there!
Han. listen to me.
I spoke to the Hertz office.
It's in your hotel. all right?
There's a car waiting for you.
All you need to do is pack up and go.
And make sure
not to leave anything that they can
- trace back to you or Bailey.
- Right.
I'm gonna fly to Albuquerque
in the morning.
I'll meet you there.
we'll drive back together.
Yeah.
And get rid of your phones.
you can get new ones on the road.
Yeah.
Now. Hannah!
Bailey?
Bailey. we gotta get outta here.
We gotta go. Bailey.
Fuck!
Bailey?
Have you seen a teenage girl?
Sixteen. blond. pink streaks.
I just got here. I don't...
With the Marshals service.
I'm looking for a room number
for a Hannah Hall.
- I'm sorry. I'm just not...
- Ma'am. it's kinda urgent.
She's about 5'8". she's got brown hair.
white Caucasian. mid-to-late 40s.
Might've paid in cash.
Could be Miss Parnes.
Hang back.
Bailey?
What did you do. Hannah?
Hey. kiddo.
Hey. I swear to God. I just saw Kristin.
Kristin? What?
I want men at the hotel
and at The Never Dry.
Put out a BOLO to all local agents.
Bailey Michaels. 16.
about 5'2". blond hair. pink streaks.
She was last seen wearing a T-shirt.
jean shorts.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today